documents/DefiningStages.md, before:

### Defining stages

After configuring the main project files there is a time to table some moments about stages. 
This project already has a template stage for configuring and copy-pasting in the future.

NOTE: We strongly recommend copy-pasting modules instead of creating using the EduTools plugin, 
because this guarantees that copied module is well configured by our team and you, 
and already have a solution from the previous stage that only requires an upgrade.

#### task.html
This file is pretty simple: it contains the current stage and task description that the user 
should solve to complete this stage.

#### task-info.yaml
This file contains a files that will be visible in project (Alt + 1) panel for a course view.

NOTE: Usually, the EduTools plugin can manage this file itself, but to be sure check it sometimes.

#### task-remote-info.yaml
This file is not for manual editing, but we think you should at least understand its simple content.
The only value we are interested in is an `id` that is equal to the current stepik stage id in 
stepik lesson.

#### build.gradle
In this file, we are interested in the `applicationId` value. Please, define it using the following 
examples: `org.hyperskill.stopwatch`,`org.hyperskill.cinema` and so on. The packages that contain 
more than 3 nested names aren't welcomed. 

Proceed to the next step immediately without rebuilding project(it already broken at this point, trust us)

#### other project files
At this point you should change all `hyperskill.android.project.template` occurrences. IDE can help
you here by Find All action. The checklist of files that should be fixed:
 - AndroidManifest.xml
 - nested packages in src/main/java folder and `package` in the kotlin files as well.
 - same as previous item but for src/test/java

Commit message:

docs: add images attaching description

documents/DefiningStages.md, after:

### Defining stages

After configuring the main project files there is a time to table some moments about stages. 
This project already has a template stage for configuring and copy-pasting in the future.

NOTE: We strongly recommend copy-pasting modules instead of creating using the EduTools plugin, 
because this guarantees that copied module is well configured by our team and you, 
and already have a solution from the previous stage that only requires an upgrade.

#### task.html
This file is pretty simple: it contains the current stage and task description that the user 
should solve to complete this stage. If you want to add an images to task description, upload it,
using any image hosting service. As example, Stepik uses https://uploadcare.com

#### task-info.yaml
This file contains a files that will be visible in project (Alt + 1) panel for a course view.

NOTE: Usually, the EduTools plugin can manage this file itself, but to be sure check it sometimes.

#### task-remote-info.yaml
This file is not for manual editing, but we think you should at least understand its simple content.
The only value we are interested in is an `id` that is equal to the current stepik stage id in 
stepik lesson.

#### build.gradle
In this file, we are interested in the `applicationId` value. Please, define it using the following 
examples: `org.hyperskill.stopwatch`,`org.hyperskill.cinema` and so on. The packages that contain 
more than 3 nested names aren't welcomed. 

Proceed to the next step immediately without rebuilding project(it already broken at this point, trust us)

#### other project files
At this point you should change all `hyperskill.android.project.template` occurrences. IDE can help
you here by Find All action. The checklist of files that should be fixed:
 - AndroidManifest.xml
 - nested packages in src/main/java folder and `package` in the kotlin files as well.
 - same as previous item but for src/test/java
